[NO-JIRA] Help content for injection into UI (#1252)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/datahub/integrating-datahub-with-other-products-bundle/integration-powerbi.md

---
weight: 30
title: Integrating Cumulocity IoT DataHub with Microsoft Power BI
helpcontent:
  - label: configuring-powerbi-access
    title: Configuring access to Microsoft Power BI reports
    content: "**Microsoft Power BI** is a business intelligence tool which allows you to create and use interactive reports for data from various sources. In particular, the reports can consume your IoT data stored in a data lake using Dremio as query and data access layer.
    

    To view those reports in Cumulocity IoT DataHub, you need an **Azure Active Directory tenant** with an application that can interact with Microsoft Power BI. You neither must sign in to Microsoft Power BI nor need a Microsoft Power BI license to access the reports. For access authentication an **Azure Active Directory service principal** object with an application secret is used.
    

>     Once you have configured the Microsoft Power BI connection, you can access corresponding workspaces and published reports under *Microsoft Power BI* in the *Navigator*."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Once you have configured the Microsoft Power BI connection, you can access corresponding workspaces and published reports under **Microsoft Power BI** in the **Navigator**."
```

  - label: working-with-reports
    title: Working with reports
    content: "Once the Microsoft Power BI settings have been defined, you can work with published reports.
    
    

>     Click **Add report** to list all available workspaces and reports. All workspaces which grant member or admin access to the service principal are listed. Select a workspace and then a report from that workspace. You can open multiple reports. A report is closed by clicking **Remove report**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click **Add report** to list all available workspaces and reports. All workspaces which grant member or admin access to the service principal are listed. Select a workspace and then a report from that workspace. You can open multiple reports. To close a report click **Remove report**. 
```
